Message-ID: <writing-1018.20021216@news.mantra.com>
Date: 16 Dec 2002 19:44:59 GMT
From: usenet@mantra.com (Dr. Jai Maharaj)
Subject: MIDNIGHT'S CHILDREN ON BROADWAY, BEATS BOMBAY DREAMS
Reply-To: usenet@mantra.com (Dr. Jai Maharaj)
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Midnight's Children on Broadway

Rushdie's classic beats Bombay Dreams in hitting New York
 
By Arthur J Pais 
Rediff On The Net
Monday, December 16, 2002 

Mumbai will be on the New York stage before Andrew Lloyd
Webber takes his smash London hit Bombay Dreams to
Broadway. 

The Royal Shakespeare Company Production and novelist
Salman Rushdie will present their production based on
Rushdie's classic Midnight's Children, at the famed
Apollo Theater in Harlem, New York. Rushdie has long been
trying to get a film or a television movie based on his
wise, pulse-quickening, grand novel. 

About the horrors of the partition of a nation and the
price people pay for nationalistic passions, the novel
was published in 1980 and made Rushdie one of the world's
most respected literary figures. Among the many awards
the book brought him, the Booker Prize is the most
famous. 

The epic which, despite its multi-layered plot, is a
quick read, has sold over a million copies in England and
America and has been translated into over 20 languages. 

Now, a stage version of Midnight's Children will open in
London in mid-January. A humanities festival, with 25
events that will be held in New York to coincide with the
show, will feature Pulitzer Prize winners and Oscar
nominated directors. 

In New York, there will be 12 performances from March 21
through March 30, following the premier of the show at
Ann Arbor, Michigan. The show is produced with
participation from Columbia University and the University
of Michigan. It is perhaps the first collaboration
between American universities and a British theater
company. 

Professor Edward Said, one of the world's leading
thinkers, will join Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist
Michael Cunningham and acclaimed short story writer
Russell Banks to discuss the themes in the novel:
displaced people, nationalism, communalism, loss of
personal identity, questions of loyalty, but, above all,
the possibility of redemption. 

Also participating in the 25 dialogue and panel debates
are novelist Vikram Chandra and philosopher Homi Bhabha.
Director Mira Nair will curate a film programme on issues
that the novel raises. 

Apollo Theater 
253 West 125th Street 
Ticketmaster, 212.307.7171 
www.MidnightsChildrenNYC.com 

Read the complete news at:
http://www.rediff.com

News Plus
http://www.mantra.com/newsplus

Jai Maharaj
http://www.mantra.com/jai
Om Shanti

Panchaang for 12 Mrgasheer 5103, Monday, December 16, 2002:

Chitrabhanu Nama Samvatsare Dakshinaya Moksha Ritau
     Dhanus Mase Shukla Pakshe Indu Vasara Yuktayam
Bharani-Krittika Nakshatra Shiva-Siddha Yoga
     Kaulava-Taitila Karana Trayodashi Yam Tithau

Hindu Holocaust Museum
http://www.mantra.com/holocaust

Hindu life, principles, spirituality and philosophy
http://www.hindu.org
http://www.hindunet.org

The truth about Islam and Muslims
http://www.flex.com/~jai/satyamevajayate

Not for commercial use. Solely to be fairly used for the educational 
purposes of research and open discussion. The contents of this post 
may not have been authored by, and do not necessarily represent the 
opinion of the poster. The contents are protected by copyright law 
and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
