Message-ID: <atlne0$569$1@geraldo.cc.utexas.edu>
Date: Mon, 16 Dec 2002 23:25:52 +0000 (UTC)
From: jfl@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu (Juan F. Lara)
Subject: "Eight Crazy Nights"
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

     I saw it yesterday.  It was mediocre, though not as bad as some people
were saying.

Mild Spoilers















     The film felt very conventional to me.  Did anyone else notice that 8CN's
plot resembles "Lilo and Stitch"'s? :-)  In "Lilo and Stitch" a hostile and 
combative alien meets a very weird little girl who helps him straighten himself
up.  In "Eight Crazy Nights" a hostile and combative boozer meets a very weird
little old guy who helps him straighten himself out. :-) There's a lot of 
pathos in this movie and not much irony.  They seem to mean it that Whitey
Duvall's goodwill is sincere, and that Davey Stone needed to cope with his 
loss.  But then they graft all these gratuitous grossout gags over the film.
There's a song here, "Long Ago", that's a sincere song about the cast 
remembering happier times ( just like "When She Loved Me" in "Toy Story 2" ).
But the lyrics kept going on grossout tangents.  
     Speaking of the songs, they overdid them.  It's nearly wall-to-wall 
production numbers, and I got fed up with them quickly.  The makers must've
thought that all US cartoons are production number musicals and so put in all
the songs as a "hip" parody.  But that hasn't been true since 1998.  So the 
singing feels like people posing to be hip.  Same goes with the grossout gags.
     Everyone's already mentioned the product placement.  I shook my head 
through that product poem Whitey did.  And to think that Davey gets some 
sence knocked into him by the Foot Locker Ref....
     Sandler deserves the Razzie for worst voice performances.  Gads, his 
voices for Whitey and Elenor were unbearable.
     Animation and artwork was nice.  Smooth movement and appealing character
designs.  Actually, the characters look too much like the cartoon characters
you'd see in most G-rated cartoons.  That made the grossout look more out of
place.

 - Juan F. Lara
http://ccwf.cc.utexas.edu/~jfl/intro.html

