Message-ID: <kasmith-F220B4.23272516122002@rcache2.srv.hcvlny.cv.net>
Date: Tue, 17 Dec 2002 04:27:07 GMT
From: "K. Smith" <kasmith@uselessspamaccess1.net>
Subject: NY Film Critics upset! Diane Lane picked as Best Actress
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

'Far From Heaven' Tops NY Critics Awards 

By CHRISTY LEMIRE, AP Entertainment Writer 

NEW YORK - "Far From Heaven," Todd Haynes (news)' sumptuous homage to 
the Technicolor melodramas of the 1950s, was the big winner Monday at 
the New York Film Critics Circle (news - web sites) Awards, taking 
honors for best film and best director. 

The movie also won in the categories of best supporting actor (Dennis 
Quaid (news)), best supporting actress (Patricia Clarkson) and 
cinematography (Edward Lachman). 

Daniel Day-Lewis (news), who stars as the villainous Bill the Butcher in 
"Gangs of New York," won the best actor award. 

In a somewhat surprising choice, Diane Lane (news) was named best 
actress for playing a wealthy suburban housewife who has an affair with 
a younger man in "Unfaithful." Lane was the subject of a retrospective 
last week at New York's Lincoln Center. 

"Adaptation," about a screenwriter who inserts himself in his script, 
won for best screenplay. The award went to Charlie Kaufman ‹ and to his 
fictional twin Donald Kaufman, in an acknowledgment of the film's 
in-joke. 

"Standing in the Shadows of Motown," about the studio musicians who 
played on the biggest Motown hits of the 1960s, was the group's choice 
for best documentary. And the racy Mexican hit "Y Tu Mama Tambien" won 
for foreign language film. 

Marshall Fine, the group's chairman and the national film correspondent 
for Gannett News Service, said the awards boost the chances for "Far 
From Heaven" as the art-house Academy Award contender, and they put Lane 
on the Academy's radar. 

"That one was the biggest surprise to me. That wasn't a performance that 
I'd personally been fond of, but obviously it connected in some way," 
said Fine, who's also a film critic for The Journal News in Westchester 
County. "Everyone talks about that scene on the train where she 
remembers what she's done. That scene sort of tipped it for her." 

The New York Film Critics Circle, composed of 35 New York-based 
newspaper and magazine writers, prides itself on honoring films that 
often differ from Oscar winners. 

Last year, they chose David Lynch's "Mulholland Drive" as the top movie; 
Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind" won the best-picture Oscar. And in 2000 
they picked Steven Soderbergh's "Traffic," while the Oscar went to 
Ridley Scott's "Gladiator." 

Their choices this year reflect films that drew early attention at New 
York film festivals. 

"Roger Dodger," their pick for best first film, won the best narrative 
feature award in May at the inaugural Tribeca Film Festival, where the 
Motown documentary also played. "Y Tu Mama Tambien" screened at 2001's 
New York Film Festival. 

Also on Monday, the American Film Institute (news - web sites) announced 
its choices for the best films of the year, which tended to be bigger 
and more commercial than the New York critics' picks. 

The top 10 films, listed alphabetically, include "About a Boy" starring 
Hugh Grant, the musical "Chicago," "Gangs of New York" and "The Lord of 
the Rings: The Two Towers." 

"We think the list this year kind of explodes with originality. The 
range of films from the epic proportions of `Lord of the Rings' and 
`Gangs of New York' to the intimacy of `About Schmidt' and `The Hours,'" 
said Jean Picker Firstenburg, AFI director. "It's a very interesting 
landscape." 

Rounding off the list were "Adaptation," "Antwone Fisher," "The Quiet 
American" and "Frida." 

------

Thank God _somebody_ recognized the greatnet of "About a Boy"; and 
especially some recognition for Diane Lane's superb performance in 
"Unfaithful." I hope this puts her in the running for an Oscar.

If Lane is nominated, the Best Actress Oscar will be the most 
competitive I've seen in years: Moore, Kidman, Lane...possibly 
Zellwegger. I'm floored. And excited. It's about damn time.

-- 
 ~ K ~
=---------------------------------------------------=
"Critics quibbled with "Moulin Rouge" then praised 
Spielberg's coma-inducing "A.I." That was the darkest 
day for film reviewers since they all banded together
and pretended that "Eyes Wide Shut" didn't suck."
    Jeff Giles, Newsweek
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
to reply via e-mail remove uselesspam
