Message-ID: <JXxL9.31420$4W1.9136@nwrddc02.gnilink.net>
Date: Tue, 17 Dec 2002 04:43:21 GMT
From: "W. K. Mahler" <wkmahler@mahlers.com>
Subject: MR. PENN:  IRAQ, U. S. A. & DOCTORED CD'S & DOCUMENTS
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Hello,

    I write to you as someone who is neither pro or con against your
country, Iraq.  I am neutral like Switzerland was during World War II
even though they were occupied.  I surmise in some ways both your
country and mine, the U. S. are occupied-personally, for better or
worse.  The following portions of this post I write with the
intentions of letting you know that through music, at least I became
recently aware of the actions the Iraqi government is claiming the
United States is responsible for.  I refer to the fact that the
government of Iraq is claiming the United States representatives have
"doctored" the carefully laid out detailed reports on CD and writing
regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction supposedly in Iraq.  So if
you'll please "read between the lines", I'm sure you'll come to the
conclusions that I hope you will understand that I have pictures and
words of in mind.


  Since August, 2001 when I first stepped onto a public stage here in
Hyannis, Massachusetts until recently, I always recorded my impromptu,
unplanned, unrehearsed original creation performances.  I've covered
Kiss, Queen & Bruce Springsteen, collaborated with two fine
individuals and have wrote and performed my own solo material as well.
 "Musicality:  The state of feeling melodious and or musical."
"Musicality" is the name of my project.  At one time it was copyright
protected.  I was told that the $600 plus dollars for 10 years was all
I needed directly from the words of a U. S. Patent office
representative.  Months later I was billed an additional large sum of
money to cover my copyright.  This was something I was not told of
from the beginning.  It is a dead issue to date, the copyright that
is.  Over here in America, when during January 2000, I had to speak
with a court ordered psychiatrist, I was asked what I did for myself.
I told him, "I am a meterman, telemarketer and I study non-lethality."
  He asked "what is that about?"  I told him that non-lethality was
the ability to use non lethal force where in the past deadly force had
been used in certain situations.  I also told him that my in-laws,
Janet & Chris Morris of www.m2technologiesinc.com were the nations two
top "gurus" in the field and that at one time they were tutored by a
former Deputy Director of the C. I. A. from 1989 to 1994.  Ray S.
Cline served under President Kennedy during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
He gave President Kennedy personally the aerial photos of the missile
silos the psychiatrist was informed.  Later on that same day the
psychiatrist while on the witness stand and under oath stated that
"Mr. Mahler is paranoid and delusional."  "Mr. Mahler believes he is
followed by the C. I. A.."  I have spent countless hours regretting
those statements of mine stated to the psychiatrist.  Since then, I've
been forced to all kinds of mandated things.  I thank my higher power
that the courts here in Massachusetts have the limited power they do.
It is of my opinion that should the Massachusetts Supreme court decide
to allow physicians and psychiatrists of hospitals the right to
hospitalize a person who is suspected of mental illness unwillingly,
the courts will burst like a dam and well I don't know what life is
like over there in Iraq, but there are similarities.  Unless a person
is in present danger of harming oneself or another, no authority
should have the right to hospitalize a person.  Some heart attack
patients are sent away after only a few days.  A person with a severe
sickness such as the flu can walk out of a hospital of their own free
will and so should a person who could be mentally challenged to a
certain degree.  By all means if a person is totally unconscious or
totally incoherent without a trace of sanity, then keep them but do
not under any circumstances allow the state of Massachusetts change
the current rules.

    November 28, 2002 I had "burned" sixteen copies of "Musicality"
with fifteen songs.  At the time I had no Bruce Springsteen solo and
with the E Street Band content on my computer whatsoever except for
the cover version of Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out that I performed in
concert over a year ago.  With two firewalls and a router, I felt
confident that I was well anchored from the storms of the internet.
One of the technologies regarding non-lethality that was presented to
the American public nearly five years ago via the Discovery Channel,
"On The Inside" series was the ability to upload the entire contents
of a unsuspecting persons computer via a commercial anti-virus
scanner.  In a televised demonstration, a suspect was using his
computer and at night, the F. B. I. would upload every last file from
that suspects computer.  I state again, this was five years ago that
the documentary was broadcast and I have a decent copy on VHS along
with a 60 Minutes interview.  Both the Discovery Channels "On The
Inside" and the 60 Minutes specials featured my in-laws, Janet & Chris
Morris.  Back then the federal government allotted nearly forty million
dollars to the non-lethal weapons project.  This had occurred for Janet
& Chris Morris wrote the "White Paper" that got the attention of the
Pentagon.

    November 29, 2002 I had taken three copies of "Musicality" from
the stack placed on the stereo speaker next to the apartment door with
the intent of keeping one in the car, giving one to a curator of a
performing arts center and giving one copy to my father.  My neighbor
was outside along side of his car and we said hello to each other as I
sat inside my car.  I took the first available CD of "Musicality" out
of the slimline case and popped it in the CD player expecting to hear
"Rip It" the first track.  Instead I heard "One, two, three, four" and
the instantly recognizable drum introduction to Bruce Springsteens
"Badlands".  The recording on the CD was of Bruce Springsteen & The E
Street Band live in concert.  "What the.." I said to myself aloud as I
took the CD out and looked it over.  It stated in plain capital
letters "Musicality" yet the CD contained "Badlands".  "I have no
Bruce Springsteen songs performed by Springsteen on my computer" I
thought to myself.  "How could this be?"  I called out to my neighbor
who was still by his car and asked aloud "Hey, would you like a free
CD?"  He took the CD filled with Bruce Springsteen yet with the label
of "Musicality" on it and said "you already gave me a copy of this."
I told him what just happened in the car and with the CD in the CD
player and I told him I had no Springsteen content on my computer save
for my cover version of "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out".  To this day, my
neighbor still has the CD I hope.  Perhaps he has listened to it,
perhaps he gave it away to his young daughter or maybe he is even
using it for a coaster, I don't know.  I keep reminding myself to go
see him and ask if I may listen to the Springsteen laden CD with
"Badlands" live on it.  I even went to his door yesterday and knocked
only to find that no one was home.  My birthday was one week and a day
before the 29th of November and I just think to myself,  "after all
these years, nine years of promoting non-lethality" could this CD full
of Springsteens "Badlands" have been a gift and if so, by whom?"  My
first thought and only deep thought is Janet & Chris Morris of M2
Technologies Inc.  So by now with the current situations in Iraq (the
supposed alteration of documents by the U. S.), Iran reported to be
building nuclear reactors and North Korea reportedly building up their
nuclear arsenal again, I wonder if someday we will meet in the land of
hopes and dreams.

Sincerely,

William K. Mahler
Mahlers Of Cape Cod
www.mahlers.com
Queen Online U. S. A.
www.queenonline.net




