Message-ID: <29934-3DFEA5EE-205@storefull-2318.public.lawson.webtv.net>
Date: Mon, 16 Dec 2002 21:19:58 -0700 (MST)
From: Allegro_82@webtv.net (Bravado!)
Subject: YES!!!! DIANE LANE WINS NY FILM CRITICS AWARD!
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Type: Text/Plain; Charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Critically acclaimed drama "Far From Heaven" swept the 68th annual New
York Film Critics Circle awards on Monday, taking five prizes, including
best film and best director, and setting the stage for one of the most
confused Oscar battles in years.

The 34-member New York group's naming of "Far From Heaven" as best
picture came after film critic groups in Los Angeles and Boston chose
different pictures this weekend.

Los Angeles critics picked Alexander Payne's "About Schmidt" on Saturday
as the year's best picture while Boston critics selected Roman
Polanski's Holocaust film "The Pianist" as its surprise winner. To top
it off, the National Board of Review, a veteran film appreciation
society, chose yet another film as its best of the year: "The Hours," a
film based on the life and work of novelist Virginia Woolf.

Critics awards often serve as precursors to the Oscars, which are chosen
in March. All that is clear at the moment is that it is a strong field
with no obvious front-runner.

The New York critics named "Far From Heaven's" Todd Haynes as best
director and the film's Dennis Quaid and Patricia Clarkson as best
supporting actor and supporting actress.

In addition, Edward Lachman was named best cinematographer for his work
on the 1950s drama of a marriage rocked by the husband's affair with
another man.

Daniel Day-Lewis was named best actor by the New York critics for his
work on "Gangs of New York," beating out Jack Nicholson, the star of
"About Schmidt," in what a spokesman for the group said was a closely
fought battle.

But in an unexpected upset, Diane Lane was named best actress for her
role as the roaming wife in "Unfaithful," beating Julianne Moore who was
up for her work as the wife in "Far From Heaven."
Mexican director Alfonso Cuaron's "Y tu mama tamien" was named best
foreign film and Japan's Hayao Miyazaki's "Spirited Away" was named the
year's best animated film.

"Standing In The Shadows Of Motown," directed by Paul Justman, was
chosen as the year's best non-fiction film while the award for best
first film was given to "Roger Dodger."

The New York critics award for best screenplay went to "Adaptation"
written by Charlie Kaufman and Donald Kaufman.

