Message-ID: <20021217071831.23384.00000092@mb-mw.aol.com>
Date: 17 Dec 2002 12:18:31 GMT
From: mpoconnor7@aol.comnojunk (Mpoconnor7)
Subject: Re: Best perfomance by these actors?
References: <24184aab.0212170143.3e426199@posting.google.com>
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

>I think these are all great actors, but my questiom is what do you
>guys think has been the best perfomance they have given and why.
>
>Robert De Niro

"Raging Bull", because he really tried to become Jake LaMotta, inside and out.

>Peter Sellers

I would have to go with "Dr Strangelove", because he was playing three
radically different characters.  He should have won the Oscar for this role.

>Tim Roth

Of what I've seen of his, I would probably go with "Reservoir Dogs" as he was
convincing as the undercover cop who was slowly dying in order to prove he was
not the guy who ratted the robbers out.
>Philip Seymour Hoffman

I would go with "Magnolia" as he was the human heart at the center of the movie
which all the disfunctional people revolved around.

>William H. Macy

"Fargo" would be my choice as he played a guy whose life was quickly falling
apart; interesting parallels to Jack Lemmon's role in "Glengarry Glen Ross".

>Robert Carlyle

Not familiar enough with his work to give an answer.

>Gary Oldman

Tough choice.  I would choose "The Contender" because he was so effective I
never realized it was Gary  Oldman as the conservative foil.  He is the modern
Paul Muni as he can change his looks and drop his British accent.
>Marlon Brando

I've always felt him to be quite overrated.  With the exception of "The
Godfather", it's been downhill since the 1950's.  I would choose his role as
Don Corleone because he had to rely more on  mannerisms instead of words.

>Ben Kingsley

He was so convincing as "Gandhi" that I forgot it was an actor playing him.  It
seemed more like a documentary.

>Edward Norton

"American History X", with "Primal Fear" a close second.  I thought he was
utterly convincing as a reformed neo nazi skinhead.

>Clint Eastwood

I would choose "Escape from Alcatraz" because it was the one action film of his
where he couldn't settle things with a gun; he had to use his intelligence and
wits to get by.  "Tightrope" was his best performance as a cop because he
played a very flawed cop.

>Sean Penn

Most people will probably disagree but I have to go with "Fast Times at
Ridgemont High" because he proved he could do comedy, which they say is tougher
than drama.  Keanu Reeves has based his entire acting career as Sean Penn's
performance of Spicoli.

>Steve Buscemi

Hard to say; he has become the Peter Lorre of his generation.  I would choose
"Fargo", as he was outstanding as the annoying villian who wound up in the
woodchipper.  He was completely unredeeming.

>Christopher Walken

In "The Dead Zone" he had the performance of his career. He was perfectly cast
in the lead, and gave a rich performance.  This is the film he should have won
the Oscar for...
>
>Tnanks to anyone who finds the time to do this.:)
>



Michael O'Connor - Modern Renaissance Man
"The probability of one person being right increases in a direct porportion to
the intensity with which others try to prove him wrong"
